We don’t just collect data, we connect data. YouGov is an international data and analytics group with the ambition to become a unique part of the global internet infrastructure - like Google for search, Facebook for social, Amazon for retail, we want it to be YouGov for opinion. Our value chain is a virtuous circle consisting of a highly engaged online panel, innovative data collection methods and powerful analytics technology.
From the beginning we had one simple idea: the more people are able to participate in the decisions made by the institutions that serve them, the better those decisions will be. We are a global online community for millions of people, and thousands of organisations, to engage in a continuous conversation about their beliefs, behaviours and brands, and provide a more accurate portrait of what the world thinks. 
Yougov is searching for a Remote Python Developer to collaborate building a modern and large-scale cloud-based analytics platform built for the web, entirely in Python.


"If loving Data is wrong, I don’t want to be right..." 
Hi, I would love to express my interest for the role of Python Developer at YouGov. 
My passion is to work with extremely talented people and collaborate to make products that would make an
immediate and lasting impact. I enjoy manipulating data i.e extraction and transformation, I just love the feeling that
comes with it and I would do it over and over. Forexample, as part of the ETL process, I have written a parser using 
python and regular expressions to transform data from a text file(Email) to JSon. Applying to YouGov would therefore give 
me a chance to work on something I really care about and love. 

I have a great experience working remotely and I have learnt to appreciate the advantages and manover the
challenges it comes with. I have excellent work ethics and with a working feedback loop/culture, only the sky is 
the limit.

I truly love what you do and hope to make a solid contribution to a team at YouGov. I look forward to speaking with you in person.
